Mark messages as seen in IMAP loop (#3223)
deltachat/deltachat-core-rust: CHANGELOG.md

- `get_connectivity_html()` returns HTML as non-scalable #3213
- add update-serial to `DC_EVENT_WEBXDC_STATUS_UPDATE` #3215
- Speed up message receiving via IMAP a bit #3225

> - mark messages as seen on IMAP in batches #3223

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - speedier and more efficient marking of messages as seen on IMAP  #3223
```
